Permit '=' separator and '[ipv6]' in --add-host (#4663)
docker/cli: docs/reference/commandline/build.md

### <a name="add-host"></a> Add entries to container hosts file (--add-host)

You can add other hosts into a build container's `/etc/hosts` file by using one
or more `--add-host` flags. This example adds static addresses for hosts named
`docker` and `dockerv6`:

```console
$ docker build --add-host docker=10.180.0.1 --add-host dockerv6=2001:db8::33 .
```

If you need your build to connect to services running on the host, you can use
the special `host-gateway` value for `--add-host`. In the following example,
build containers resolve `host.docker.internal` to the host's gateway IP.

```console
$ docker build --add-host host.docker.internal=host-gateway .
```

> IPv6 addresses may be enclosed in square brackets, and a `:` separator is
> accepted. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can wrap an IPv6 address in square brackets.
`=` and `:` are both valid separators.
Both formats in the following example are valid:
```

Author: That's better! Thank you ... and ditto all the rest, I've pushed the changes.

### <a name="add-host"></a> Add entries to container hosts file (--add-host)

You can add other hosts into a build container's `/etc/hosts` file by using one
or more `--add-host` flags. This example adds static addresses for hosts named
`docker` and `dockerv6`:

```console

> $ docker build --add-host docker=10.180.0.1 --add-host dockerv6=2001:db8::33 .

Reviewer 2: While we're updating these, perhaps also update the example hostnames (per my other comment)

Author: Will do.

$ docker build --add-host docker:10.180.0.1 .
```

> For IPv6 addresses, the equivalent `host=ip` form may be clearer, for example:

Reviewer 2: Related to my other comment; we can use the new format as default for the example, and make a mention of the old format.

(also /cc @dvdksn for suggestions)

Author: Ok, will do.
